README.md, before:

CrazyMonkey
===========

CrazyMonkey is a very simple yet powerful IRC bot

Features
========
CrazyMonkey has an editable config and settings, More in the future!
CrazyMonkey can:
*Check if servers are online
*Automatically rejoin if kicked
*Check Wolfram ALpha and recieve answers
*Get links from http://lmgtfy.com/

Commands
========
Admin Commands:
---------------
!op, !deop, !kick, !join, !say, !kickbut, !shoot, !commands, !ban, !unban, !leave, !server, !wa, !lmgtfy
Non-Admin Commands:
-------------------
!say, !rage, !shoot, !commands, !server, !lmgtfy

Installation
============
1. Install PHP (Learn how to install php here http://www.php.net/manual/en/install.php)
2. Add PHP to you variable path (Learn how to add PHP to your variable path here http://php.net/manual/en/faq.installation.php#faq.installation.addtopath)
3. Download the CrazyMonkey Files
4. Edit CrazyMonkeys config inside CrazyMonkey.php with a code editor (if you dont know any, I prefer Notepad++)
5. Get a Wolfram Alpha API key from http://products.wolframalpha.com/api/
6. Run CrazyMonkeyStart.bat if your on Windows or CrazyMonkeyStart.sh if your on linux(Coming soon)

Commit message:

Added download link to notepad++

README.md, after:

CrazyMonkey
===========

CrazyMonkey is a very simple yet powerful IRC bot

Features
========
CrazyMonkey has an editable config and settings, More in the future!
CrazyMonkey can:
*Check if servers are online
*Automatically rejoin if kicked
*Check Wolfram ALpha and recieve answers
*Get links from http://lmgtfy.com/

Commands
========
Admin Commands:
---------------
!op, !deop, !kick, !join, !say, !kickbut, !shoot, !commands, !ban, !unban, !leave, !server, !wa, !lmgtfy
Non-Admin Commands:
-------------------
!say, !rage, !shoot, !commands, !server, !lmgtfy

Installation
============
1. Install PHP (Learn how to install php here http://www.php.net/manual/en/install.php)
2. Add PHP to you variable path (Learn how to add PHP to your variable path here http://php.net/manual/en/faq.installation.php#faq.installation.addtopath)
3. Download the CrazyMonkey Files
4. Edit CrazyMonkeys config inside CrazyMonkey.php with a code editor (if you dont know any, I prefer Notepad++, you can download it here notepad-plus-plus.org/download/)
5. Get a Wolfram Alpha API key from http://products.wolframalpha.com/api/
6. Run CrazyMonkeyStart.bat if your on Windows or CrazyMonkeyStart.sh if your on linux(Coming soon)
